## 1. Migrated from /etc/pihole/adlists.list
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/hosts

## 2. Add Way Block LIst
https://adaway.org/hosts.txt

## 3. PolishFiltersTeam
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PolishFiltersTeam/KADhosts/master/KADhosts.txt

## 4. FadeMind / hosts.extras
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.Spam/hosts

## 5. WaLLy3K (w3kbl)
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/static/w3kbl.txt

## 6. AdGuard
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/AdguardDNS.txt

## 7. Admiral
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Admiral.txt

## 8. EasyPrivacy
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Easyprivacy.txt

## 9. Prigent
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Ads.txt

## 10. AnudeepND
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anudeepND/blacklist/master/adservers.txt

## 11. OISD Full
https://big.oisd.nl/

## 12. WindowsSpyBlocker
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/crazy-max/WindowsSpyBlocker/master/data/hosts/spy.txt

## 13. GoodbyeAds (mobile apps focus)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jerryn70/GoodbyeAds/master/Hosts/GoodbyeAds.txt

## 14. Threat Intelligence Feeds
https://v.firebog.net/hosts/Prigent-Malware.txt

## 15. CyberCrime Blocklist
https://cybercrime-tracker.net/all.php

## 16. NoTracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/notracking/hosts-blocklists/master/domains.txt

## 17. Dandelion Sprout Anti-Malware List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/Alternate%20versions%20Anti-Malware%20List/AntiMalwareHosts.txt

## 18. Perflyst Android AdBlock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Perflyst/PiHoleBlocklist/master/android-tracking.txt

## 19. Facebook & Instagram Tracking
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmdugan/blocklists/master/corporations/facebook/all

## 20. Phishing Army Blocklist
https://phishing.army/download/phishing_army_blocklist_extended.txt

## 21. Anti-Phishing Working Group
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/Phishing.Database/master/phishing-domains-ACTIVE.txt

## 22. NoCoin Adblock Host List
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hoshsadiq/adblock-nocoin-list/master/hosts.txt

## 23. EasyList China
https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/easylistchina.txt

## 24. EasyList DE (German)
https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/easylistgermany.txt

## 25: Energized Porn Block
https://block.energized.pro/porn/formats/hosts.txt

## 26: Disconnect.me Tracking
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_tracking.txt

## 27: DuckDuckGo Tracker Radar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/duckduckgo/tracker-radar/master/build-data/generated/hosts/trackers.txt

## 28. URLHaus
https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/downloads/hostfile/

## 29: HaGeZi Pro++
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/hosts/pro.plus.txt

## 30. TIF (Threat Intelligence Feeds aggregation)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hagezi/dns-blocklists/main/hosts/tif.txt
